doc: Clarify files pattern syntax (#22)
buildkite-plugins/test-collector-buildkite-plugin: README.md

## Properties

> * `files` — Required — String — Pattern of files to upload to Test Analytics.  May contain `*` which matches on any
>   number of characters of any type.  Note that `/` and `.` are not treated specially.  The pattern will be prepended
>   with `./` and searching will start from the root of the checkout.

Reviewer: I agree that more clarifications are necessary. What do you think of this alternative wording?

```suggestion
* `files` — Required — String — Pattern of files to upload to Test Analytics, relative to the checkout path (`./` will be added to it). May contain `*` to match any number of characters of any type (unlike shell expansions, it will match `/` and `.` if necessary)
```
